Hey, sir.
Duane Bailey, running
for town council reelection.
Oh, don’t look.
There’s that jerk
Duane Bailey.
Oh, yuck.
I should say something
to him, shouldn’t I?
I gotta be honest.
I was just working
off your tone.
Who’s Duane Bailey,
and why do we hate him?
Honey, he’s that councilman
who shot down my stop sign.
Big phony.
[ Phil ]
Yeah.
Hey. Duane Bailey,
seeking reelection,
town council.
Hoping I can count
on your vote.
Well, you just got it.
Phil.
You don’t remember
meeting me, do you?
Claire Dunphy.
Last month’s
town council meeting?
Oh, yes, I do.
Yes, I remember you.
[ Booming Voice ]
"I want a stop sign."
[ Chuckles ]
Just having fun.
Here. Have a pen.
"Duane Bailey. Councilman.
Citizen. Puggle breeder."
I love them because they’re
a different mix of breeds.
Just like America.
- I like
what he’s saying, Claire.
- He isn’t saying anything.
He is.
We need a stop sign
at our intersection.
Everyone says that,
but pretty soon, we’re
stopping at every single corner.
Why don’t you go ask Canada
how that’s working out?
Hi. Duane Bailey. Hi.
Nailed it.
"Actor-writer-director
who packs a punch."
Oh, Sylvester Stallone.
I said it first.
Sylvester Stallone.
Oh, my God. This guy
brought his kids, Mitchell.
My God. To this movie?
Isn’t it supposed
to be super violent?
I’m sorry.
I don’t mean to overstep,
but I don’t know that this movie
is really appropriate
for children.
I’m terrified to see it.
That’s why we’re here
during the day.
It’s okay. We’re good.
Okay. I tried.
Yeah.
All you can do.
You know,
I’ve read this book,
and I know
what’s gonna happen,
and it’s very disturbing.
I really think you might
be inviting some pretty
serious nightmares here.
Hey, buddy,
they’re my kids. I got it.
Yeah, but I don’t think you do.
Cam. Cam. He says
he’s got it, all right?
You’ve said your piece.
Just watch the movie.
Oh, uh, Gwyneth Paltrow.
I really must insist you
not traumatize your kids...
by exposing them
to gratuitous violence–
Cam. Stop it.
and graphic depictions of–
Shh, shh.
Daddy, I’m scared.
- Yeah, well, you’re gonna be.
- I’m gonna tell you
one more time.
No, I’m gonna tell you
Okay.
It was The Muppet Movie.
We were
in the wrong theater.
Enjoy the show.
I was always
a fan of the Muppets,
especially
the two guys in the theater
who wouldn’t shut up.
Just leave!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Beeps ]
[ Ringing ]
Hello?
[ Jay ]
I’m running late.
This knucklehead’s
kept me waiting
for over an hour.
I never had to wait like this
when his dad was running things.
Yeah.
And soda was a nickel.
Just tell him
that your family is coming over.
This guy fired his own father.
He’s not gonna care
about my family.
Okay, then just leave.
You don’t need his money.
Once a week, I have
eight family members coming
to my house for free food.
I’m not going anywhere.
Okay.
I see you when I see you.
[ Manny Sighs ]
[ Beeps ]
Are you okay? What is wrong?
I wanna be homeschooled.
Really, Manny?
Do you want me
to learn you English?
What is going on?
I have a big report due in.
The teachers don’t seem
to care about the substance.
All they care about
is the flash.
Manny, sometimes you can be
a little bit old-fashioned.
Remember the first time
you saw the kids with
the backpacks with wheels...
and you thought
they were too flashy?
You’re going to school,
not boarding a flight
to Denver.
It’s getting absurd.
Reuben freestyle-rapped
his report on Irish immigrants.
That doesn’t even make sense.
Maybe you do a Riverdance.
Maybe.
What is your report on?
The mafia.
Perfect.
We do a papier-mâché tommy gun.
No, we shouldn’t have
to jazz it up.
Then we go upstairs and
we get your old rocking horse
and we chop the head off.
No, that’s a terrible idea.
I love Brownie.
Do you want to send
a message or not?
Jay never wants me
to help him with his business.
And now suddenly, Manny doesn’t
want to listen to me either.
It’s very frustrating.
I have all the answers.
[ Knocking ]
Hey, here he is!
Hey, bring it in, Jay.
How you doing, Joshie?
It’s Josh now. Have a seat.
Ah. All right.
So, I flipped
through your proposal,
and here’s the thing.
We’re about
to build our largest
luxury condo complex yet,
and I have
an important question for you.
What is it
you wanna build?
Closets.
See, I was kinda hoping
you’d say dreams.
Thought that was implied.
[ Laughs ]
Jay, I’m looking for closets
nobody’s ever seen before.
You know, a big "wow!"
You know what I’m saying?
You want a nice closet with
sharp design, quality materials
and expert craftsmanship.
Uh, I mean, I want it
to be like– Bam!
You know, people are gonna walk
in there and go, "Whoa!
What do I hang first?"
I wanted to hang myself.
Let’s talk more specific.
What exactly do you like,
and what don’t you like?
All right, fair enough.
Uh, I don’t like this.
This makes me sad.
I do like getting
my mind blown.
I love your enthusiasm.
Uh, before I go off
in the wrong direction,
how about an example?
All right, check this out.
So three weeks ago,
I’m down in South Beach.
I walk into this thumpin’ club.
Bartender says,
"What do you wanna drink?"
I say, "Wow me."
He mixes this thing together.
I take one sip, and I’m like,
"Hello, nurse!"
And she’s like, "You’ve
been unconscious for two days."
That’s what I want in a closet.
I don’t think
I need to hear any more.
What you doing there,
homework?
- What do you want?
- I need to borrow some money.
It’s really important.
How much?
$900.
What?
Come on.
If you were in trouble,
I would do anything for you.
We’re not just sisters.
We’re best friends.
Look, I would if I could,
but I don’t have any money.
And since we’re talking,
I– I’ve never told anyone
this before, and it–
Wipe that smug smile
off his stupid face.
His face is stupid.
Oh, I can’t believe
ridiculous people like him
end up in office.
Well, why don’t you run?
You’re smart.
You care about the community.
And you’re easy on the eyes
when you put a little effort
into it.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
Maybe change out
of the sweaty gym clothes
every once in a while–
But you were talking about
running for office. Go on.
I’d be lying if I said
I’d never thought about it.
I know it’s a ridiculous
little local thing,
but it might be fun
to get out there
and contribute.
Plus I think
I’d be good at it.
You’d be great.
Mmm.
How would this work?
Who would be here
for the kids after school?
Who would take them
to practice and recitals...
and keep them from
burning the house down?
It must be so hard
being a single mom.
Oh–
Claire, I will.
If you wanna fly,
I’m not gonna hold
your feet to the ground.
Hmm.
I wanna be the one
to push you off the cliff.
I think I’m gonna do it.
Great.
Go fly.
Phil!
No.
I’ll admit it.
I’m turned on by powerful women.
Michelle Obama, Oprah,
Condoleezza Rice,
Serena Williams–
Wait a minute.
Do you want a fry?
No, I can’t eat.
We should’ve stayed
to see the Muppets.
I can’t even look at ketchup
without seeing blood.
Oh, runaway curly fry.
You know, these are good luck.
[ Tires Screech ]
Mmm!
Oh!
Oh, my God.
What was that?
We just got rear-ended.
Well, pull off
to the side street.
Pull off to the side street.
Oh! Are you okay?
Oh, I think I cut the roof
of my mouth on the straw.
Oh, my God. Mmm!
So yes.
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, boy.
I’m so sorry.
This is all my fault.
You guys okay?
Well– Well, I-I sustained
a minor mouth injury.
We’re fine, thank you.
[ Man ]
Look, I feel terrible.
Don’t worry. I’m gonna
take care of everything.
Let me just get
my insurance info.
Thank you.
[ Mouths Words ]
Well, he seems nice.
Yeah.
If this were
a romantic comedy,
this would be our meet-cute.
We’d spend the rest
of the afternoon drinking wine,
eating food, flying a kite,
you know,
doing montage-y stuff.
Am I in this movie of yours?
Yeah, you’re
the gay best friend.
[ Tires Squealing ]
Oh, my God!
We got a runner!
Um, it’s D-1– I can’t read it.
- Let’s go! Let’s go!
- Go where?
- We have to chase him down!
- You’re not supposed to.
Help! Stop that car!
He’s getting away! Help!
You almost got him, Cam.
You almost got him.
He’s getting away!
Hey. What you doing, playing?
Yeah.
Do you have any money saved up?
I’m comfortable.
I’ve saved $1,217.
It wasn’t even that hard.
Don’t forget your lunch.
Thanks, Mom.
Don’t forget
your lunch money, buddy.
Thanks, Dad.
You bet.
Please.
It’s really important.
Look, I’d love to help you out,
but I’m not very liquid
right now.
It’s in a block of ice.
I got the idea
when I heard about rich guys
with frozen assets.
[ Chuckles ]
"Ass-ets."
I am running
for town council,
and I understand
that I can pick up
a form here.
Fourth floor.
Elevator down the hall.
Beyoncé, when’d you
start working here?
[ Laughs ]
Oh, Duane.
He’s always
saying stuff like that.
Duane Bailey.
Running for reelection.
You’re joking.
I just saw you
in the parking lot
two hours ago.
Oh!
Hey, it’s you.
Oh, it’s you.
What are you doing here?
I am entering
the race for town council,
and I am running against you.
Oh. Well,
don’t you have pluck.
No, I plan on winning, so–
Yeah, I bet you do.
Marsha!
Rockin’ the bangs.
Love it.
Do you know why,
of all the dogs in the world,
I breed puggles?
Why do I feel like this
is a rhetorical question,
and you’re about to lau–
It’s because
they’re lovable, yes,
but they’re also
tenacious hunters who won’t quit
until the kill is complete.
Really? ’Cause I feel
like they just yip a lot.
Look, lady,
you’re going down.
I’ve won six straight elections.
I don’t plan on losing
to some bored housewife.
So don’t quit
your lack of a day job.
Excuse me!
Excuse me! I–
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
Excuse me.
[ Beeps ]
Hello?
Anne?
[ Whispering ]
Haley did that?
Oh, God. Okay, um–
I’ll call you right back.
[ Beeps ]
For your information, sir,
I am no bored housewife.
I-I would kill for bored.
Why isn’t this lighting up?
Oh, it’s because
it’s staff only.
The, uh–
Here. Allow me to...
not get that for you.
Good luck!
Dad, I cut my arm.
Oh, wow.
You sure did, buddy.
Ow.
I’ll get you fixed up.
Where’s Mom?
She belongs
to the people now.
[ Coughing ]
My allergies
are acting up again.
Well, it is your lucky day,
because, missy, Dr. Dad
has everything you need.
Behold the healing powers
of grape flavoring.
- Where’s Mom?
- Some people took her.
Drink this.
Listen, guys.
Your mom is taking on
more responsibilities
outside of the house.
But don’t you worry.
Good old–
Oh, my goodness!
Ow!
I’m so sorry.
You punched me.
Dad, you gave me
the drowsy kind.
There’s a drowsy kind?
- I have to study for a test!
- Oh, it really hurts!
Well, I’ll get you some ice.
No, no, no, no!
I’ll get it.
[ Ice Rattling ]
Oh, you made it.
How was it?
Eh.
Why? What’s wrong, babe?
I don’t wanna
talk about it.
Do it anyways.
This stupid kid’s
been in the business
about 10 minutes.
He barely looks at my proposal,
and he says he wants more "wow."
What does he mean
by more "wow"?
It’s the Bieberization
of America.
What do beavers have
to do with anything?
The beavers, they build
the dams all over the country
so there’s no floods.
It’s the beaverization
of the Americas.
I’m finding there’s
less and less
we can talk about.
So why didn’t you tell him
that you’ve been in the business
for such a long time–
Gloria, it’s not gonna
make any difference.
He wants to make a change.
And I got a factory
full of people
depending on this.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Yeah, but maybe
if you tell him that–
Gloria, please.
I’ve had a tough day.
Can we please not talk about it?
But I want to help.
Trust me.
I wish you had the answers.
I do!
Hey, guys.
Hey, Grandpa.
[ Luke ] Hey, Grandpa.
[ Slurred ]
Hey, Jay.
What’s with her?
Just tired.
Growth spurt.
Hey, hey.
Hi, guys.
- Hi, baby girl.
- Hola, Lily.
How are you?
Dads are fighting.
No. Uh, we’re not fighting.
No, not at all, honey.
No. Uh, go play,
sweetheart. Okay?
Let’s go play with some blocks.
Let’s go stack some blocks.
All right.
Okay. The reason we’re fighting
is ’cause this one thinks
he’s Dirty Harry.
Having a tough time
picturing Clint Eastwood
in that shirt.
Okay, let me ask you something.
Today, at a stoplight,
a guy ran into our car
and then just took off.
I wanted to chase after him.
Mitchell–
Kept a level head
and called the police.
Police.
Aren’t they too busy
winning the war on drugs?
Okay, so which one of us
did the right thing?
Hit-and-run.
Gotta chase ’em down.
[ Snaps Fingers ]
I chase the people
all the time.
No, no. That-That’s
irresponsible and dangerous.
What if he had been armed?
He wasn’t armed.
He had a Hillary bumper sticker.
[ Mitchell ]
This isn’t
an isolated incident.
This morning, he flipped out
at somebody at The Muppet Movie.
[ Scoffs ]
You saw The Muppet Movie
without me?
- [ Cameron ] Oh, no.
- No, honey,
just the first two numbers.
No. Lily–
[ Claire ]
Hi, hi, hi.
Phil, where are you, honey?
I need to talk to you.
Do you know
what our daughter did?
Nothing. She’s fine.
She’s reading.
No, not her. Haley. Haley!
Come over here.
I wanna talk to you.
There she is.
Not a scratch on her.
You have something
you wanna say to us?
Uh–
Mmm, let me
help you out here.
Fake I.D.’s?
What?
Mm-hmm. Haley tried
to get her and her friends
some fake I.D.’s.
I wasn’t going to use them
for drinking.
We just wanted to get
into this club to see a band.
She took a bunch
of money from them,
and then she lost it.
How much?
$900.
Oh, my God! Oh!
You’re kidding me!
It’s not my fault!
I gave money to this guy.
He’s the one who ripped us off.
What happened
to your face?
Oh. I ran into a door.
Yeah.
- What happened
to your face?
- Dad hit me.
It was an accident.
Phil!
I was trying
to open up a Band-Aid.
[ Alex Snoring ]
- What’s wrong with her?
- Growth spurt.
- I drugged her.
Phil–
I accidentally gave her
the nighttime allergy medicine.
Mmm. All right,
one thing at a time.
Haley, how are you going
to repay your friends?
I don’t know.
[ Gloria ]
I know.
You go there
with a couple of guys–
She’s gotta get
the money back.
Who is this kid?
A guy at school’s
cousin’s friend.
He lives in Gardena.
Well, if you know
where he lives,
just call the police.
No cops.
We can’t afford
a scandal right now.
Claire’s running
for town council.
That was before,
when I thought you could
take care of the children.
I take my eye off
the ball for one minute,
and I’ve got one in a coma,
one with a black eye
and one running a crime ring.
Well, to be fair,
Haley started her crime ring...
when your eye
was still on the ball.
It’s not a crime ring.
I just gotta get
my hands on that $900.
I know how the mafia
would handle this.
[ Imitates Knife Slash ]
[ Jay ]
The kid is right.
I’m sick
of these smart-ass punks
who keep changing the rules...
and think they can get away
with anything they want.
I’m gonna pay
this guy a visit.
Haley, text me his address.
I’m going with you.
Me too.
Oh, no. No. Nobody’s
going anywhere, okay?
We’re not vigilantes.
Shotgun!
No! No weapons!
In my country,
it is tradition.
When the men are out
seeking vengeance,
the women stay home
and they drink.
Sometimes I think
you just make this stuff up.
Do you want a drink or not?
Oh, yeah.
So, what happened?
You were running for office,
and now you’re not?
Mmm. I don’t really
wanna talk about that.
Ay, no.
I am sick and tired
of no one needing my help.
You are going to tell me
what is wrong,
and I’m gonna give you
the right answer,
because I have all of them.
So, why are you not
running for office?
Because my family
needs me too much.
You saw what just happened.
Why are you not
running for office?
Uh, that doesn’t work with me.
[ Shouts ]
Why are you not
running for office?
Because I don’t want to lose!
I– I haven’t done anything
outside of my house in 18 years.
I don’t want
the first thing I do
to be a complete failure.
Okay.
I’m gonna tell you
a story about a little girl
who entered a beauty pageant–
[ Sighs ]
even though...
she was very, very scared
that she was going to lose.
Let me guess.
You won.
Of course I won.
But I was talking
about my cousin Maria Conchita.
She had a nose like a toucan.
She stuff her body
in this bikini.
And at the end,
she finish dead last.
How is that a good story?
She faced her fears,
and it didn’t kill her.
What killed her
two weeks later was a bus.
Are you serious?
Because she couldn’t
see anything coming
with that big nose.
This guy has won
six elections.
I am way out of my league.
Look, I don’t know
anything about this guy.
But I know
that you’re a tough lady,
and I come from a family
of tough ladies.
And I have to say,
sometimes you scare me
a little bit.
And I know that you’re
strong enough to win...
and definitely strong enough
to be okay if you lose.
I scare you?
Are you kidding me?
[ Booming Voice ]
"I want Thanksgiving
at my house!"
Why does everybody
think I talk like that?
This is it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
No, no, come on.
Do we have a plan?
It doesn’t seem
like we have a plan.
Yeah, I got a plan.
Either he gives us
the money, or he gets
a private performance...
from England Dan
and John Ford Coley.
That’s not a good plan.
That’s not even a good band.
If all you’re gonna
do is criticize,
just wait by the car.
Okay, fine.
I’ll see you in jail.
It’s gonna be a big
adjustment for two of you.
[ Jay Groans ]
Yeah?
You Peter?
What do you want?
You know Haley Dunphy?
You owe her $900.
We’re here to collect.
You dig?
I tried to call that girl
10 times, but her voice mail
was always full.
That does sound
like Haley.
So how are you
gonna make this right?
You guys want
the money, right?
That’s fine.
I don’t need
any hassle.
Hold on.
I’ll just–
I’ll grab it.
[ Chuckles ]
That was easy.
He’s lucky
he didn’t put up a fight.
I would’ve treated him
to a reunion of Crosby,
Stills, Nash and Young.
Oh, my God!
We got a runner!
[ Phil ] Stop!
[ Jay ]
Get him! Get him!
[ Phil ] Stop!
Stop!
[ Grunts ]
[ Material Rips ]
No! No! No!
No!
[ Grunts ]
[ Dogs Barking ]
[ Grunting ]
I got him!
- Oh, my God! You did!
- Don’t be so surprised!
Help! He’s slipping out
of his skinny jeans!
[ Peter ]
Okay!
[ All Grunting ]
[ Peter Shouts ]
These are cute.
I totally have these.
[ Door Opens ]
Hmm?
Ah-ha-ha.
[ Gloria ]
Oh!
There you go.
Oh, you got it back!
Thank you!
Hey, don’t thank me.
Thank your Uncle Mitchell.
He’s the one
who tackled the guy.
I got grass stains.
Well, I will
tell you one thing.
I have learned my lesson.
Disappointing
my family and friends
is punishment enough.
Nice try.
You’re grounded
for two weeks.
- [ Sighs ]
- [ Gloria ]
Okay, we have big news.
Claire has decided
to run for mayor after all.
Thank you.
It’s town council.
It doesn’t matter.
You’re not going to win anyways.
But she’s going to be okay.
You see?
I help the people.
Why don’t you two
let me help you?
Well, I can’t
speak for Jay,
but I guess
I’m just too proud
to ask for help.
Are you serious?
She cuts your steak.
- What about you?
- I don’t wanna bother you
with my business.
- What else
do I do every day?
- I don’t know.
I’m guessing the gym
and... one other thing.
Dad, you should listen to her.
She might really help you.
Huh.
She could be an asset.
[ Luke, Phil Chuckle ]
"Ass-et."
Heard it.
Hmm.
And look at the shelves
over here.
They’re for the shoes.
Those are my favorite ones.
So what did you think?
Wow.
[ Chuckles ]
Same exact closet.
We never needed fake I.D.’s
on a farm.
We figured if a 16-year-old
could drive a tractor,
he could drink a beer.
Not at the same time,
of course.
It’s Missouri, not Texas.
[ Jay Chuckles ]
I used a fake I.D.
to get into an R-rated movie.
The Fabulous Baker Boys.
I found the title
to be misleading.
Lot of Michelle Pfeiffer.
That’s all I’m saying.
I remember
when I got my fake I.D.
Me too. Crazy times.
[ Jay ]
Hell, yeah.
I tried to enlist in the army,
but they saw right through me.
So me and a bunch of guys
drove across state lines.
We got a bunch of booze.
We loaded up on fireworks.
And I woke up in the morning,
I kid you not,
in a Mexican strip joint.
[ Laughing ]
You?
Oh, I used mine
to rent some bowling shoes
and kept ’em.
Suckers probably spent months
trying to track down
Dr. Richard Hertz.
Think about it.